allow us to not delete files (#14)
elementar/docker-s3-volume: README.md

           elementar/s3-volume --force-restore /data s3://mybucket/someprefix
```

### Deletion and sync

> By default if there are files that are deleted in your local file system, those will be deleted remotely.   If you wish to turn this off set the environment variable DELETE_FLAGS=":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default if there are files that are deleted in your local file system, those will be deleted remotely.   If you wish to turn this off set the environment variable S3_SYNC_FLAGS=":
```
